unconditional love means that you need
no special condition around you in order
for you to be loving it is so easy to be
loving in a loving environment but
seemingly so hard when in a hostile
situation unconditional love is like
thumb no matter what the weather is like
the Sun just keeps shining therefore it
keeps being itself no matter what the
weather conditions are like around it
when the dark clouds cover and obscure
the beauty of the Sun it is just as a
veil of darkness but the Sun has not
stopped being itself behind the dark
veil it just continues to shine happy in
being itself like the dark clouds then
covering the Sun negativity from others
and your own negative thoughts are
butter dark veil that cover the beauty
of your own true self that which you are
beloved divine love so how do you attain
and become divine love you can never
attain it neither can you become it it
is through realization that you are it
divine love is not an emotion love that
is emotional is human love from the mind
which has an opposite pole of polarity
which is hate divine love therefore has
no opposite for it is a state of being
when you no longer search for divine
love outside of yourself when you close
the door to seeking love then something
happens it is in the searching and
seeking of it outside of yourself that
stops you from realizing it within then
in the realization and remembrance of
who you are you no longer seek that
which is outside of yourself you no
longer resist life in defense of trying
to keep and get people to love you but
allow life and people to be in your
presence you no longer react to
negativity because like the Sun
you are happy being yourself no longer
having to prove or justify yourself in
order to find love in others you realize
that you are pure consciousness the
space of allowing you become free
because you have come home to your true
state of being divine love detach them
my dear friends detach and be
indifferent to the negativity around you
and keep in a state of being being happy
in your detach state of happiness and
divine love you raise up the
consciousness of those around you then
in that state of being you will no
longer react to negative situations by
your condition mindset but rather take
right action in divine love through the
wisdom of yourself
you